20_2 Scheduler: edit the cancel field for onAppointmentFormOpening, onAppointmentClick, onAppointmentDblClick (#1548)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/onAppointmentDblClick.md

#include common-ref-elementparam with { element: "clicked" }

##### field(e.cancel): Boolean

> If **true**, prevents opening of the appointment details form on double click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **true**, does not allow the user to open the appointment details form with double click.
```
